# ProjectFluffy
Saving data securely, surviving failures and corruption of data over a cloud or a network of servers are some of the very common challenges. Various systems available in the market use a distributed servers and redundant data storage approaches. Thus leaving customers with only one option to choose from.
The project proposed uses decentralized approach for storing, retrieving data from heterogeneous platforms. For this purpose, a loosely coupled consistent system is made that can accept data from the client and replicates it over the cluster. This network has an intra-cluster leader election algorithm (RAFT) implemented. Moreover, the network has a choice of two databases, PostgreSQL, and Cassandra. Technologies used includes Java, Google protobuf, Netty for infrastructure & client side programming, and transfer of data respectively.  The other features implemented include failure survival, work balancing, and statelessness.
The premier focus of the project is on infrastructure, but API’s implemented in such a way that it can communicate with other clusters as well as the client, this is achieved using a common message format that is understood by both cluster and the clients. An adapter is made that can convert the external requests into a message format internal to cluster, and this converted message is used for communication inside the cluster. Other mechanisms that have been implemented includes RequestVoteRPC invoked by candidates to gather votes, AppendEntriesRPC invoked by the leader to replicate log entries and also used as a heartbeat.

